README.md, before:

# Distance Matrix 

A python 3 library for calculating the distance matrix (and related data)
from (time-)series data.

## Installing

```commandline
python setup.py clean build install
```

## Usage

The basic workflow goes as follows:
- You have one or two one- or multi-channel time series (num_channels x num_measurements).
When using two time series, the number of channels should match.
- You select *generators* to process a single dimension. Generators know how to create
the distance matrix for the time series.
- You select *consumers* to handle the output of generators, some consumers work on
a single output, some can work on multiple outputs. The main goal of consumers is
to keep track of relevant info in the distance matrix, without having to keep it
fully in memory.
- You create a *calculator* and specify how much of the data you want processed,
when completed, output is available in the consumers.


### Example

```python
# Imports
import numpy as np
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

from distancematrix.generator.znorm_euclidean import ZNormEuclidean  # Generators live in the generator package
from distancematrix.consumer.matrix_profile_lr import MatrixProfileLR  # Consumers live in the consumer package
from distancematrix.calculator import AnytimeCalculator

# Create a one-dimensional series with 2 artefacts
data = np.array([
    np.sin(np.linspace(0,20,1000))*0.2 + np.random.rand(1000) * 0.1
])

data[0, 100:120] += np.linspace(0.1, 0.5, 20)
data[0, 720:740] += np.linspace(0.1, 0.5, 20)

plt.plot(data[0])
plt.show()

# Setup generator, consumer and calculator
m = 100  # Subsequence length

calc = AnytimeCalculator(m, data)  # One series passed => self-join

gen_0 = calc.add_generator(0, ZNormEuclidean(noise_std=0.))  # Generator 0 works on channel 0
cons_0 = calc.add_consumer([0], MatrixProfileLR())  # Consumer 0 works on generator 0

# Calculate
calc.calculate_diagonals(print_progress=True, partial=1.)

# Admire the results
min_idx = np.argmin(cons_0.matrix_profile())
match_idx = cons_0.profile_index()[min_idx]

plt.figure(figsize=(15,5))

plt.subplot(2, 1, 1)
plt.title("Data")
plt.plot(data[0])
plt.plot(range(min_idx, min_idx+m), data[0, min_idx : min_idx + m], label = "Motif")
plt.plot(range(match_idx, match_idx+m), data[0, match_idx:match_idx+m], label="Best match")
plt.gca().set_xlim((0, data.shape[1]))
plt.legend()

plt.subplot(2, 1, 2)
plt.title("Matrix Profile")
plt.plot(cons_0.matrix_profile())
plt.vlines(min_idx, 0, 10, label="Minimum")
plt.gca().set_xlim((0, data.shape[1]))
plt.legend()

plt.show()
```

Commit message:

Update README: add "setup.py develop" information.

README.md, after:

# Distance Matrix 

A python 3 library for calculating the distance matrix (and related data)
from (time-)series data.

## Installing

```commandline
python setup.py clean build install
```

or for development (this creates a link to the source code, rather than a library):
```commandline
python setup.py develop
```


## Usage

The basic workflow goes as follows:
- You have one or two one- or multi-channel time series (num_channels x num_measurements).
When using two time series, the number of channels should match.
- You select *generators* to process a single dimension. Generators know how to create
the distance matrix for the time series.
- You select *consumers* to handle the output of generators, some consumers work on
a single output, some can work on multiple outputs. The main goal of consumers is
to keep track of relevant info in the distance matrix, without having to keep it
fully in memory.
- You create a *calculator* and specify how much of the data you want processed,
when completed, output is available in the consumers.


### Example

```python
# Imports
import numpy as np
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

from distancematrix.generator.znorm_euclidean import ZNormEuclidean  # Generators live in the generator package
from distancematrix.consumer.matrix_profile_lr import MatrixProfileLR  # Consumers live in the consumer package
from distancematrix.calculator import AnytimeCalculator

# Create a one-dimensional series with 2 artefacts
data = np.array([
    np.sin(np.linspace(0,20,1000))*0.2 + np.random.rand(1000) * 0.1
])

data[0, 100:120] += np.linspace(0.1, 0.5, 20)
data[0, 720:740] += np.linspace(0.1, 0.5, 20)

plt.plot(data[0])
plt.show()

# Setup generator, consumer and calculator
m = 100  # Subsequence length

calc = AnytimeCalculator(m, data)  # One series passed => self-join

gen_0 = calc.add_generator(0, ZNormEuclidean(noise_std=0.))  # Generator 0 works on channel 0
cons_0 = calc.add_consumer([0], MatrixProfileLR())  # Consumer 0 works on generator 0

# Calculate
calc.calculate_diagonals(print_progress=True, partial=1.)

# Admire the results
min_idx = np.argmin(cons_0.matrix_profile())
match_idx = cons_0.profile_index()[min_idx]

plt.figure(figsize=(15,5))

plt.subplot(2, 1, 1)
plt.title("Data")
plt.plot(data[0])
plt.plot(range(min_idx, min_idx+m), data[0, min_idx : min_idx + m], label = "Motif")
plt.plot(range(match_idx, match_idx+m), data[0, match_idx:match_idx+m], label="Best match")
plt.gca().set_xlim((0, data.shape[1]))
plt.legend()

plt.subplot(2, 1, 2)
plt.title("Matrix Profile")
plt.plot(cons_0.matrix_profile())
plt.vlines(min_idx, 0, 10, label="Minimum")
plt.gca().set_xlim((0, data.shape[1]))
plt.legend()

plt.show()
```
